This is PRS the personal radio station.

Please note that code is currently considered alpha software, though 
hopefully with your help it can be made more stable and bug-free.

This code is not exactly user-friendly to administer, and definitely not 
user-friendly to install.  There are some parts which require the manual 
manipulation of mysql databases, and the C programs need to be compiled 
from source.  If you're not comfortable with getting your hands dirty in 
the command line and in mysql databases, this software isn't for you, at 
least not now.

What is PRS?

PRS is a package for automating radio broadcasts.  It is primarily 
designed for Internet broadcasting and for broadcasting pre-recorded 
content without supervision, though some support for live broadcasting 
is included.  PRS can play a series of pre-defined specific programs, or 
programming based on categories with optional no-repeat rules.

PRS performs advanced cross-fading thanks to its ability to examine 
files to determine cross-fade points.  It can also optionally perform 
simple and/or multi-band audio compression.

PRS can stream to one or more Shoutcast, Icecast 1.x and Icecast 2.x 
servers, as well as output to a sound card.  It can also take input from 
a sound card, as well as relay live streams which it can also log for 
optional later replay.

PRS can play wave, MP3 and Ogg Vorbis sound files, and can produce MP3 
and Ogg Vorbis streams.

Package contents:

This package contains the following directories:

src: The C sources for prs_server and prs_db_builder.  Also contains 
prs.conf.dist which is a sample PRS master config file.

php: Contains a web interface to the scheduling system.  Includes 
config.php.dist which is a sample config file for the web interface.

doc: Various documentation files describing various aspects of the PRS 
system.

Installation:

Read the file INSTALL for installation and setup instructions.

A comprehensive configuration guide and a list of the commands available 
in the PRS command line interface can be found in the doc directory.

License:

This package is licensed under a MIT-style license, except for the 
resampling code.  See the file COPYING for license details.  The 
resampler (src/resample.c and src/resample.h) is licensed under the GNU 
Library General Public License (LGPL) version 2.0 (see 
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.0.html)

Mailing list:

To get involved in PRS development, subscribe to the prsradio-devel list 
by sending a message to prsradio-devel-request@lists.sourceforge.net with 
subscribe in the subject line.  This list will also service user 
questions for now, though a users list will probably be created in the 
fullness of time.

To hear PRS in action, check out the automation at MintFM (http://MintFM.net)..

for further information about PRS, visit the source forge project at 
http://sourceforge.net/projects/prsradio

Geoff Shang - 25 May 2011
